readme.md, before:

# Awesome Digital Nomads [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
> A curated list of awesome resources for Digital Nomads.

Looking for contributors. Submit a pull request if you have something to add :)

_Please check the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) for info on formatting and writing pull requests._

## Contents
- [Travel Planning](#travel-planning)
- [Retreats](#retreats)
- [Flights](#flights)
- [Accomodation](#accomodation)
- [Getting Around](#getting-around)
- [Communities & Networking](#communities-and-networking)
- [Remote Jobs](#remote-jobs)
- [Gear](#gear)
- [Finance](#finance)
- [Security & Backup](#security-and-backup)
- [Communication](#communication)
- [Languages](#languages)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)

## Travel Planning
- [Lonely Planet](http://lonelyplanet.com) - The most recognised travel guides for over fourty years, start here for inspiration.
- [Nomad List](http://nomadlist.com) - Search for your next base using digital nomad friendly filters such as internet quality, living costs, and places to work.
- [Atlas Obscura](http://atlasobscura.com) - The definitive guide to the world's wondrous and curious places.
- [Wikivoyage](http://wikivoyage.org) - Fantastic free travel guides that anyone can edit.
- [Triposo](http://triposo.com/gettheapp/) - Smart offline travel guides for your phone and tablet - _iOS and Android_.
- [Foursquare](http://foursquare.com/download) - Find the best places to eat, drink, shop, or visit in any city in the world - _iOS, Android, and Windows Phone_.

## Retreats
- [Destination: Dev](http://destinationdev.com) - Program that brings together 10 like-minded individuals for eight intense weeks of software development education and cultural immersion.
- [Hacker Paradise](http://hackerparadise.org) - Hacker Paradise have been organising three month long coworking retreats for developers, designers and entrepreneurs since 2014.
- [LiveWorkFit](http://liveworkfit.com) - A series of affordable one month retreats with a focus on mind and body health to maximize your business and personal potential.
- [Nomad House](http://nomadhouse.io) - Spend 10 days exploring a new location, working hard (anywhere) and connecting to a community built on shared values.
- [Unsettled](http://beunsettled.co) - 30-day coworking retreats to take your work, life, and adventures beyond traditional borders.
- [WiFi Tribe](http://wifitribe.co) - Coworking retreat which allows you to hop on or off at any point, stay a month, or a year to explore a whole continent with like-minded individuals, one country at a time.
- [Wifly Nomads](https://wiflynomads.com) - A brand new retreat launching in September 2017 designed to help fledgling nomads build startups, find remote work opportunities and learn nomadic lifestyle fundamentals.

## Flights
- [Kiwi.com](http://kiwi.com) - Advanced flexible search tool for finding cheap flights.
- [Kayak](http://kayak.com/flights) - View pricing trends for journeys and set up price alerts.
- [AirWander](http://airwander.com) - New kid on the block that helps you discover stopover destinations that'll save you money on your journey.
- [FlyOnward](http://flyonward.com) - Rent an onward flight ticket for $9.99 to satisfy immigration requirements in countries such as Malaysia and New Zealand.
- [App in the Air](http://appintheair.mobi) - Manage your upcoming flights and view your flight history - _iOS, Android, and Windows Phone_.
- [Flightfox](http://flightfox.com) - Online travel agent that guarantees to save you money on your trip.
- [SeatGuru](http://seatguru.com) - Aircraft seat maps to find the best seats for your flight.
- [SleepingInAirports](http://sleepinginairports.net) - Detailed airport guides to make the most of your time in limbo.

## Accomodation
- [Airbnb](http://airbnb.com) - Short term rooms and private apartments at affordable rates.
- [Kayak](http://kayak.com/hotels) - Compare hotel prices across leading booking websites including Expedia, Booking.com, Agoda, and Hotels.com.
- [Hostelworld](http://hostelworld.com) - Budget accomodation for nomads that prefer a more social environment or need to keep costs down.
- [Couchsurfing](http://couchsurfing.com) - The ultimate budget accomodation, meet new people and join in local experiences in exchange for a free bed or couch.
- [Colive.co](http://colive.co) - Find and organise coliving arrangements with other nomads.
- [Coliving](https://coliving.com) - Find coliving spaces around the world to live with like-minded individuals.

## Getting Around
- [Moovit](http://moovitapp.com) - The worlds largest transit app supporting over 1,200 cities in over 70 countries - _iOS and Android_.
- [Citymapper](http://citymapper.com) - Arguably the best transit app available but limited to 40 cities. Use it when you can and fall back to Moovit if necessary - _iOS and Android_.
- [Rome2rio](http://rome2rio.com) - Global trip planner which gets you from A to B using flights, ferries, trains and buses. Great for when you're moving between cities - _iOS and Android_.
- [Uber](http://uber.com) - The big daddy of ride sharing apps, it goes without saying this should be on your phone. Available in over 500 cities worldwide - _iOS, Android, and Windows Phone_.
- [Grab](http://grab.com) - Uber may be your go to taxi app for most of the world but, in SE Asia, Grab is king - _iOS and Android_.
- [Wikivoyage](http://wikivoyage.org) - When Rome2rio or Moovit fail to provide directions you may just find the information you need on Wikivoyage. Destination guides here typically have 'get in', 'get around' and 'get out' sections, useful in some of the more rural areas.
- [Maps.me](http://maps.me) - Offline maps and POIs to get you around on foot when you don't have an internet connection - _iOS, Android, and Kindle Fire_.
- [Waze](http://waze.com) - The world's largest community-based traffic and navigation app. Perfect for those brave enough to drive abroad - _iOS and Android_.

## Communities & Networking
- [Nomad List Chat](http://nomadlist.com/chat) - Connect with other nomads to get advice or organise meetups.
- [Digital Nomad Forum](http://nomadforum.io) - Need advice from other nomads but don't have time to sit around waiting for answers in the chat room? Start a topic on the forum...
- [Couchsurfing](http://couchsurfing.com) - Couchsurfing isn't just for free sofas. Find groups and social events in cities around the world.
- [Meetup](http://meetup.com) - Find and organise meetups in cities across the world.
- [Facebook Groups](http://groups.fb.com) - Find groups for buying/selling, hiking, common interests, local advice and more.
- [Nomad List Radar](http://nomadlist.com/radar) - Keep track of your nomadic friends whereabouts and meet up for :beers: when your paths cross.

## Remote Jobs
Coming Soon

## Workspaces
- [Workfrom](http://workfrom.co) - The most comprehensive directory of public and private workspaces across the globe.
- [Café Wifi](http://cafewifi.com) - Find cafes nearby that are suitable for working from and details about them such as wifi speeds, power outlet availability and seating comfort - _iOS_.
- [Copass](http://copass.org) - Global network of over 500 coworking spaces accessed via a single monthly membership.
- [Hoffice](http://hoffice.nu/en/) - Find home offices to work from for free and meet new people in the process.

## Gear
Coming Soon
## Finance
Coming Soon
## Security & Backup
Coming Soon
## Communication
Coming Soon
## Languages
Coming Soon
## Miscellaneous
Coming Soon

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Craig Bovis](https://github.com/cbovis) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

Added initial items to the languages section.

readme.md, after:

# Awesome Digital Nomads [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
> A curated list of awesome resources for Digital Nomads.

Looking for contributors. Submit a pull request if you have something to add :)

_Please check the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) for info on formatting and writing pull requests._

## Contents
- [Travel Planning](#travel-planning)
- [Retreats](#retreats)
- [Flights](#flights)
- [Accomodation](#accomodation)
- [Getting Around](#getting-around)
- [Communities & Networking](#communities-and-networking)
- [Remote Jobs](#remote-jobs)
- [Gear](#gear)
- [Finance](#finance)
- [Security & Backup](#security-and-backup)
- [Communication](#communication)
- [Languages](#languages)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)

## Travel Planning
- [Lonely Planet](http://lonelyplanet.com) - The most recognised travel guides for over fourty years, start here for inspiration.
- [Nomad List](http://nomadlist.com) - Search for your next base using digital nomad friendly filters such as internet quality, living costs, and places to work.
- [Atlas Obscura](http://atlasobscura.com) - The definitive guide to the world's wondrous and curious places.
- [Wikivoyage](http://wikivoyage.org) - Fantastic free travel guides that anyone can edit.
- [Triposo](http://triposo.com/gettheapp/) - Smart offline travel guides for your phone and tablet - _iOS and Android_.
- [Foursquare](http://foursquare.com/download) - Find the best places to eat, drink, shop, or visit in any city in the world - _iOS, Android, and Windows Phone_.

## Retreats
- [Destination: Dev](http://destinationdev.com) - Program that brings together 10 like-minded individuals for eight intense weeks of software development education and cultural immersion.
- [Hacker Paradise](http://hackerparadise.org) - Hacker Paradise have been organising three month long coworking retreats for developers, designers and entrepreneurs since 2014.
- [LiveWorkFit](http://liveworkfit.com) - A series of affordable one month retreats with a focus on mind and body health to maximize your business and personal potential.
- [Nomad House](http://nomadhouse.io) - Spend 10 days exploring a new location, working hard (anywhere) and connecting to a community built on shared values.
- [Unsettled](http://beunsettled.co) - 30-day coworking retreats to take your work, life, and adventures beyond traditional borders.
- [WiFi Tribe](http://wifitribe.co) - Coworking retreat which allows you to hop on or off at any point, stay a month, or a year to explore a whole continent with like-minded individuals, one country at a time.
- [Wifly Nomads](https://wiflynomads.com) - A brand new retreat launching in September 2017 designed to help fledgling nomads build startups, find remote work opportunities and learn nomadic lifestyle fundamentals.

## Flights
- [Kiwi.com](http://kiwi.com) - Advanced flexible search tool for finding cheap flights.
- [Kayak](http://kayak.com/flights) - View pricing trends for journeys and set up price alerts.
- [AirWander](http://airwander.com) - New kid on the block that helps you discover stopover destinations that'll save you money on your journey.
- [FlyOnward](http://flyonward.com) - Rent an onward flight ticket for $9.99 to satisfy immigration requirements in countries such as Malaysia and New Zealand.
- [App in the Air](http://appintheair.mobi) - Manage your upcoming flights and view your flight history - _iOS, Android, and Windows Phone_.
- [Flightfox](http://flightfox.com) - Online travel agent that guarantees to save you money on your trip.
- [SeatGuru](http://seatguru.com) - Aircraft seat maps to find the best seats for your flight.
- [SleepingInAirports](http://sleepinginairports.net) - Detailed airport guides to make the most of your time in limbo.

## Accomodation
- [Airbnb](http://airbnb.com) - Short term rooms and private apartments at affordable rates.
- [Kayak](http://kayak.com/hotels) - Compare hotel prices across leading booking websites including Expedia, Booking.com, Agoda, and Hotels.com.
- [Hostelworld](http://hostelworld.com) - Budget accomodation for nomads that prefer a more social environment or need to keep costs down.
- [Couchsurfing](http://couchsurfing.com) - The ultimate budget accomodation, meet new people and join in local experiences in exchange for a free bed or couch.
- [Colive.co](http://colive.co) - Find and organise coliving arrangements with other nomads.
- [Coliving](https://coliving.com) - Find coliving spaces around the world to live with like-minded individuals.

## Getting Around
- [Moovit](http://moovitapp.com) - The worlds largest transit app supporting over 1,200 cities in over 70 countries - _iOS and Android_.
- [Citymapper](http://citymapper.com) - Arguably the best transit app available but limited to 40 cities. Use it when you can and fall back to Moovit if necessary - _iOS and Android_.
- [Rome2rio](http://rome2rio.com) - Global trip planner which gets you from A to B using flights, ferries, trains and buses. Great for when you're moving between cities - _iOS and Android_.
- [Uber](http://uber.com) - The big daddy of ride sharing apps, it goes without saying this should be on your phone. Available in over 500 cities worldwide - _iOS, Android, and Windows Phone_.
- [Grab](http://grab.com) - Uber may be your go to taxi app for most of the world but, in SE Asia, Grab is king - _iOS and Android_.
- [Wikivoyage](http://wikivoyage.org) - When Rome2rio or Moovit fail to provide directions you may just find the information you need on Wikivoyage. Destination guides here typically have 'get in', 'get around' and 'get out' sections, useful in some of the more rural areas.
- [Maps.me](http://maps.me) - Offline maps and POIs to get you around on foot when you don't have an internet connection - _iOS, Android, and Kindle Fire_.
- [Waze](http://waze.com) - The world's largest community-based traffic and navigation app. Perfect for those brave enough to drive abroad - _iOS and Android_.

## Communities & Networking
- [Nomad List Chat](http://nomadlist.com/chat) - Connect with other nomads to get advice or organise meetups.
- [Digital Nomad Forum](http://nomadforum.io) - Need advice from other nomads but don't have time to sit around waiting for answers in the chat room? Start a topic on the forum...
- [Couchsurfing](http://couchsurfing.com) - Couchsurfing isn't just for free sofas. Find groups and social events in cities around the world.
- [Meetup](http://meetup.com) - Find and organise meetups in cities across the world.
- [Facebook Groups](http://groups.fb.com) - Find groups for buying/selling, hiking, common interests, local advice and more.
- [Nomad List Radar](http://nomadlist.com/radar) - Keep track of your nomadic friends whereabouts and meet up for :beers: when your paths cross.

## Remote Jobs
Coming Soon

## Workspaces
- [Workfrom](http://workfrom.co) - The most comprehensive directory of public and private workspaces across the globe.
- [Café Wifi](http://cafewifi.com) - Find cafes nearby that are suitable for working from and details about them such as wifi speeds, power outlet availability and seating comfort - _iOS_.
- [Copass](http://copass.org) - Global network of over 500 coworking spaces accessed via a single monthly membership.
- [Hoffice](http://hoffice.nu/en/) - Find home offices to work from for free and meet new people in the process.

## Gear
Coming Soon
## Finance
Coming Soon
## Security & Backup
Coming Soon
## Communication
Coming Soon

## Languages
- [Google Translate](http://translate.google.com) - The big daddy of translation apps with support for over 100 languages and 50 offline languages as well as photo translation - _iOS and Android_.
- [Point It: Traveller's Language Kit](http://goodreads.com/book/show/831179.Point_It) - Passport sized traveler's picture dictionary containing photographs of 1,200 items grouped into categories such as food and drink, accommodation, transportation, automobiles, entertainment, nightlife and health.
- [Food Allergy Translate](http://foodallergytranslate.com) - Mobile apps and physical cards to notify restaurants of your food allergies - _iOS, Android, and Windows Phone_.
- [Fluent In 3 Months](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18085519-fluent-in-3-months) - If you've always struggled with learning foreign languages then be sure to check out this great book by Benny Lewis.
- [Duolingo](http://duolingo.com) - The original and arguably most enjoyable language learning app with support for over 20 languages - _iOS, Android and Windows Phone_.
- [Memrise](http://memrise.com) - Not quite as fun as Duolingo but still a solid contender on the language learning scene with support for over 200 languages - _iOS and Android_.

## Miscellaneous
Coming Soon

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Craig Bovis](https://github.com/cbovis) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
